You kid is really making a fool of yourself
The commander told me to shut him up
Do you want to spend it?
Go get me a pen and ink
Got yesterday's body in
Like I do is
Even with indentations
What does that mean?
This may have been crushed out by themselves when they fell
Passed by soldiers
Both male and female victims
The male corpse
They are all migrant workers.
High-end figure
Forehead scars appear after death
How could there be such a small thing?
Must be stupid
What about the missing female corpse?
Was it taken away by the ice?
I suspect there must be something wrong with this road
Can make petite people die easily
And these people are tall
Will be blocked outside
That's why there are these injuries
OK
I will believe you again
If you can't find the secret passage
Must be guilty
Hahahaha